Hello and welcome in this latest section of discourse so drop it of course we cover almost all the important
future of the viewing world.
But as we know it is impossible to cover every tank will cover all or most of the Mustang but not every
tank.
Also you should know that no matter our video course exists in the Internet can cover everything about
them where or any of those far more software than the information exists in a text format or in a documentation
format.
So for those it is always recommended to back to the documentation of any software you use.
In our situation we do VM where it is always recommended to back to the VM where documentation to get
more details and more information like ADO academic information as we know any knowledge we have a hand
experience knowledge and unacademic knowledge in due course.
I share with you my hands on experience.
But to get academic knowledge you need to back to the documentation of the VM and so far that we're
going to discover a little about the documentation of the view and want to know about it.
See you in the next video.